vmui: option to see/copy the full error message (#4760)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): add support of `week` step for [time-based chunking migration](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html#using-time-based-chunking-of-migration). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4738).
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): do not add `/api/v1/read` suffix to remote read storage address defined by `--remote-read-src-addr` if a `--remote-read-disable-path-append` command-line flag is set. It allows an overriding path for remote-read API via `--remote-read-src-addr`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4655).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add warning in query field of vmui for partial data responses. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4721).

> * FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add the ability to view and copy the text of a lengthy error in a text field. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4719).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): allow displaying the full error message on click for trimmed error messages in vmui. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4719).
```
